c:\users\drzac\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Virtual Case Wall\Virtual Case Wall\bin\Debug\ReverseMap\resources.pri
c:\users\drzac\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Virtual Case Wall\Virtual Case Wall\bin\Debug\AppxManifest.xml
c:\users\drzac\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Virtual Case Wall\Virtual Case Wall\bin\Debug\Virtual Case Wall.build.appxrecipe
c:\users\drzac\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Virtual Case Wall\Virtual Case Wall\bld\Debug\priconfig.xml
c:\users\drzac\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Virtual Case Wall\Virtual Case Wall\bld\Debug\priconfig.xml.intermediate
c:\users\drzac\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Virtual Case Wall\Virtual Case Wall\bld\Debug\layout.resfiles
c:\users\drzac\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Virtual Case Wall\Virtual Case Wall\bld\Debug\layout.resfiles.intermediate
c:\users\drzac\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Virtual Case Wall\Virtual Case Wall\bld\Debug\resources.resfiles
c:\users\drzac\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Virtual Case Wall\Virtual Case Wall\bld\Debug\resources.resfiles.intermediate
c:\users\drzac\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Virtual Case Wall\Virtual Case Wall\bld\Debug\pri.resfiles
c:\users\drzac\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Virtual Case Wall\Virtual Case Wall\bld\Debug\pri.resfiles.intermediate
c:\users\drzac\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Virtual Case Wall\Virtual Case Wall\bld\Debug\qualifiers.txt
c:\users\drzac\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Virtual Case Wall\Virtual Case Wall\bld\Debug\qualifiers.txt.intermediate
c:\users\drzac\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Virtual Case Wall\Virtual Case Wall\bld\Debug\MultipleQualifiersPerDimensionFound.txt
c:\users\drzac\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Virtual Case Wall\Virtual Case Wall\bld\Debug\ProjectArchitectures.txt
C:\Users\ryanp102694\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\VirtualCaseWall\Virtual Case Wall\bin\Debug\ReverseMap\resources.pri
C:\Users\ryanp102694\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\VirtualCaseWall\Virtual Case Wall\bin\Debug\AppxManifest.xml
C:\Users\ryanp102694\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\VirtualCaseWall\Virtual Case Wall\bin\Debug\Virtual Case Wall.build.appxrecipe
C:\Users\ryanp102694\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\VirtualCaseWall\Virtual Case Wall\bld\Debug\priconfig.xml
C:\Users\ryanp102694\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\VirtualCaseWall\Virtual Case Wall\bld\Debug\priconfig.xml.intermediate
C:\Users\ryanp102694\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\VirtualCaseWall\Virtual Case Wall\bld\Debug\layout.resfiles
C:\Users\ryanp102694\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\VirtualCaseWall\Virtual Case Wall\bld\Debug\layout.resfiles.intermediate
C:\Users\ryanp102694\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\VirtualCaseWall\Virtual Case Wall\bld\Debug\resources.resfiles
C:\Users\ryanp102694\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\VirtualCaseWall\Virtual Case Wall\bld\Debug\resources.resfiles.intermediate
C:\Users\ryanp102694\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\VirtualCaseWall\Virtual Case Wall\bld\Debug\pri.resfiles
C:\Users\ryanp102694\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\VirtualCaseWall\Virtual Case Wall\bld\Debug\pri.resfiles.intermediate
C:\Users\ryanp102694\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\VirtualCaseWall\Virtual Case Wall\bld\Debug\qualifiers.txt
C:\Users\ryanp102694\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\VirtualCaseWall\Virtual Case Wall\bld\Debug\qualifiers.txt.intermediate
C:\Users\ryanp102694\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\VirtualCaseWall\Virtual Case Wall\bld\Debug\MultipleQualifiersPerDimensionFound.txt
C:\Users\ryanp102694\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\VirtualCaseWall\Virtual Case Wall\bld\Debug\ProjectArchitectures.txt
